then Elif as the timur knight answered
should a wise man answer with empty
knowledge and fill himself with the east
wind should he reasoned with
unprofitable talk or by speeches with
which he can do no good yes you cast off
fear and restrained prayer before God
for your iniquity teaches your mouth and
you choose the tongue of the crafty your
own mouth condemns you and not I yes
your own lips testify against you are
you the first man who was born or were
you made before the hills have you heard
the counsel of God do you limit wisdom
to yourself what do you know that we do
not know what do you understand that is
not in us both the gray-haired and the
aged are among us much older than your
father are the consolations of God too
small for you and the words spoken
gently with you why does your heart
carry you away and what your eyes wink
at that you turn your spirit against God
and let such words go out of your mouth
what is man that he could be pure and he
who was born of a woman that he could be
righteous if God puts no trust in his
saints and the heavens are not pure in
his sight how much less man who is
abominable and filthy who drinks
iniquity like water I will tell you hear
me would I have seen I will declare what
wise men have told not hiding anything
received from their fathers to whom
along the land was given and no alien
passed among them
the wicked man rides with pain all his
days and the number of years is hidden
from the oppressor dreadful sounds are
in his ears in prosperity the destroyer
comes upon him he does not believe that
he will return from darkness for a sword
is waiting for him he wanders about for
bread saying where is it he knows that a
day of darkness is ready at his hand
trouble and anguish make him afraid they
overpower him like a king ready for
battle
thorry stretches out his hand against
God and acts defiantly against the
Almighty running stubbornly against him
with his strong and bossed shield though
he has covered his face with his fatness
and made his waist heavy with fat he
dwells in desolate cities in houses
which no one in habits which are
destined to become ruins he will not be
rich nor will his wealth continue nor
will his possessions overspread the
earth he will not depart from darkness
the flame will dry out his branches and
by the breath of his mouth he will go
away let him not trust in futile things
deceiving himself for futility will be
his reward it will be accomplished
before his time and his branch will not
be green he will shake off his unripe
grape like a vine and cast off his
blossom like an olive tree for the
company of hypocrites will be barren and
fire will consume the tense of bribery
they conceive trouble and bring forth
futility their womb prepares deceit
[Music]
you